{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green83\blue171;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15100\viewh18320\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 ToDo
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 For SF\

\fs22 TO FIX
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Ableton Live complains when playing and switching songs
\b\fs26 \ul \
\
Wiring\

\b0 \ulnone figure out what the feedback wire is for?
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone lenses mounted\
Dac Box Strengthened\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul Needed improvements
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Improve Blob Sorting\
clean up and optomize bloblabeling\
Better BG subtraction\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 camera callibrate\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \ul Emergency Laser Shutdown.
\fs34 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 1. Turn off Blanking and Turn off Galvos-software\
2. Turn off Audio - Software\
3. Shut down power to Laser\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \ul Global\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 system Midi\
Albteton Midi\
AppleScript\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
------SORT\
Special Shapes\
Status Reporter\
\
Enclose a shape so you have to get a nother shape in there to touch it.\
\
start at 0,0\
\
1st direction\
go right until a pixel is marked 1, then set 2nd direction down\
\
2nd direction\
go down 1\
\
Repeat\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \ul \
\
Set Changes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone shape in the middle\
	
\fs30 draw a circle in the middle with a joint attached to center body
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 when joint to blob is less than use angle to determine pitch.  Trigger a Lissajous pattern ADSR, crossfade drawn blobs and 2dBox to lissojous, allow sound, fade back when Release envelope from joint length is less than the release value.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \ul R&D
\fs24 \ulnone \
asteroid growths\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \ul Ideas\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 interactive Circle\
draw a grid of circles at 192khz if possible\
Laser Snowboarding\
Analog Wireless Laser (can send audio from iphone-just an idea\
Digital Wireless Laser with iphone support\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Need to Address\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
* future updates/changes to system design\
* specific audio/visual/game goals\
* some specific requirements necessary to meet these goals\
* discussion of timing for future releases esp. in relation to future events\
* agreement on tools, source and file sharing, etc\
\
\
Hi Chris\
Can you send or link me to a zip that has everything Steve? The dependent libraries we don't necessarily need to manage in source, thought it might make things simpler. The audio file same there, though it might be easy to have them in a shared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://drop.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 drop.io}} or something. I've researched a few options we can use that will serve us better than the last option.\
}